# Git Practice
[Programmer Imposter Syndrome](https://www.codingdojo.com/blog/programmer-imposter-syndrome)

# What I found interesting about the article
The article opened up with some solid points regarding the nature of the industry and how easy it can be to feel insufficient or incapable because successful people get covered so often. It followed up with a few pointers to get over imposter syndrome, such as recognizing why we might feel that way, and then understanding that there is just too much knowledge in the field for any one person to fully understand and use, so it's perfectly fine not to know things. I also really liked their advice to just treat that as a good thing, since we will always be able to keep learning. The benefit of working with other people is that we can learn from them every day, and work together to do things that individuals would struggle to do. Learning is part of the career and we have to accept that.

## Comments
**Matthew Fan:** I really like this article Andrew, and I think that it can help a lot of people in the field. Like you mentioned, I think one of the most important tips that the article provides is to use the imposter syndrome to your advantage and use it to motivate you to learn more and more. Software engineering is always changing and by always wanting to learn more, you will be ahead of the curve. Another tip that I think is useful is to remember that your hard work is not getting unnoticed and one day the results will reflect that. There is a possibility that some people are looking up to you as a coding ninja like you do to others, so just keep at it.